Kal Penn:
Ladies and gentlemen,
you will witness
outrageously tough challenges.
There are 20 pairs
of doctors and nurses.
Your job is to put
the original couples
back together correct.
- You. You. You.
- Penn: Correct.
- Amazing.
- Wow!
Study the maze and figure out
the correct route...
Turn left
and take two steps,
turn right
and take one step
and a left.
They didn't make it
easy for him.
52 cards to memorize,
recall the exact order...
Queen of clubs,
ace of hearts,
ace of spades--
uh, no.
- Which country?
- Djibouti.
Djibouti.
I've been to Djibouti,
and I bought a T-shirt
that said I was
"all up in Djibouti."
The winner
of the $50,000
and the title
of SuperHuman
is...
That was amazing!
- You are such a rock star.
- You got it!
Wow! Good job.
♪
All right!
( cheers, whistles )
( whistles, applause )
Welcome to "SuperHuman"!
I'm Kal Penn.
And over the next
60 minutes,
our contestants
are going to compete
in outrageously
tough challenges,
and one of them
will walk away with $50,000,
and the title
of SuperHuman!
But first, they have
to make it into the top three
and that will be chosen
by our panel.
He was the first boxer
in history
to hold all three
heavy weight titles
simultaneously.
It's Mike Tyson.
( cheering )
Next, someone who
has to juggle her life
between being
a sensational singer
an amazing actress,
and a mom.
It's Christina Milian.
And bringing some
true brain power
to the panel--
no offense
to the rest of us--
it's top neuroscientist
and brain surgeon,
Dr. Rahul Jandial.
Okay, lock the door,
grab a seat,
and pay very close
attention
because it's time to witness
some amazing things.
Let's get to it.
This superhuman
has a built-in GPS system
the always steers him
in the right direction.
It's amazing David Millar.
My name is David Millar,
and my superhuman ability
is mazes.
Mazes always gave me
an opportunity
to be sort of like
an adventurer
or an explorer.
You can drop me
in the middle of any city
as long as
I've seen a map
I can find
any destination
you give me.
I'm literally
the perfect co-pilot.
I can always determine
what's going to be
the best route.
Being able to do this
is something
that I want to show off
to everyone.
From Fort Worth, Texas,
here's David Millar.
Hey, man,
how are you?
I'm good.
How are you?
- Welcome to "SuperHuman."
- Thank you for having me.
I love
the bandana/shirt
matching combo.
- Awesome.
- Thank you.
Your challenge,
David,
is called
Follow My Steps.
On the stage behind us
we've got a giant maze.
Your challenge
will be to study the maze
and figure out
the correct route
from start to finish,
- and there's only one way.
- All right.
Then with your back
to the maze,
you'll have to direct me
through it
from memory alone,
is that clear?
- That's 100% clear.
- All right,
please take your position
in the SuperHuman chair.
All right.
Woo!
Penn: Okay, David,
whenever you're ready
we'll turn
the chair around
so you can
study the maze
and memorize
every step and turn.
- Are you ready?
- I'm ready.
- Let's do this.
- Please turn
the chair around.
David, each box on the maze
will represent one step.
Please study it
carefully.
Every step
will be critical.
All right,
I think I'm ready.
All right, Dave,
let's do this.
All right,
David!
Dave, I'm at
the start position,
but I'm counting on you
to get me to the end.
If this goes wrong,
people may never
see me again.
Okay,
your challenge
starts now.
All right, Kal,
go ahead
and take your first step
into the maze,
and we're gonna start
by going forward three steps.
Go ahead and turn left
and take two steps.
Okay,
I've done that.
Go ahead and turn right
and take one step
and a left and two steps,
then take a right
and take one step.
Take a right here
and take one more step.
Okay.
Now take a left
and go five steps forward.
- Okay.
- All right,
now take a right
and take
five more steps
forward.
And take
another right
and take
one step forward.
Now turn left
and take two steps forward,
followed by a right
and one step forward,
a left
one step forward
and then another left
and two steps forward.
Okay.
And now another left
and two more steps forward.
- They didn't make it
easy for him.
- No.
Now we're gonna take
a few quick small steps,
take a right
and take one step,
a left one step
and a right
one more step.
Now take a right
and take two steps forward,
another right
and one step forward,
and then a left
and one step forward.
Turn left again,
take three steps forward,
followed by another left
and one step forward.
One more left
and one more step forward.
Now take a right--
just take one step forward...
and then take a right.
Take one more step forward
and then a left.
Take two more steps forward
and then take a right.
And now
lift your hands up
and yell, "Wee!"
when you jump out
of the maze.
Wee!
Nice job, man!
Wow!
I need a hug.
- That's crazy.
- Woo!
The most
obviously question
I can ask you
is what technique
do you use to recall
that route?
Um, when I picture
the route in my head,
I sort of see
this almost cursive
handwriting.
Like I'm taking
a big red marker
and writing the solution
and it flows through my head
as I'm going through the maze
and walking through it.
Whoa.
So, Dr. Jandial,
is David's ability
something that
we could all develop--
kind of an internal GPS?
Or is there
something unique
that he's just got?
We absolutely
do have an internal GPS,
and it's got a cool name.
It's called
entorhinal cortex.
And what happens, just like
a construction worker
lays down cement,
if you practice,
your brain will
lay down tissue
to cement your memory.
So you can
bulk up your memory zone
if you practice.
But what
you showed us today,
- I think is superhuman.
- Thank you.
You are like such a rock star.
You're a rock star.
You came out here
with all the beautiful energy
and then
you memorized that.
- Amazing.
- Mike: It's too amazing.
I mean, you're very--
you're a blessed individual.
- You really are awesome.
- Thank you.
So will his
incredible recall
win David $50,000?
It's all up to the panelists
and the audience.
Right now, one more time
for David Millar.
Thanks, man.
Really nicely done.
We'll see you
at the end of the show.
Awesome.
We're gonna give you
complex equations.
You're going
head-to-head
with a calculator.
And that calculator
will be operated by
Internationally
renowned neuroscientist
Dr. Rahul Jandial.
Don't let him win, doc.
( bell dinging )
Penn:
Hey, welcome back
to "SuperHuman"!
This superhuman
contestant
is a superfast
mental math master.
He's Andrew Body.
My name is Andrew Body,
and my superhuman ability
is mental math.
Effectively, doing math
with the way
people would do math
with pen and paper,
except I can do it
all in my head,
and I can do it
generally much quicker.
My childhood was perfect.
The all-American lifestyle.
Baseball over the summers,
basketball in the winters.
Playing baseball
my coach would ask me
to tabulate
the batting averages.
And he'd say,
"Body, so-and-so's
five for 14."
And I'd say,
"He's hitting 357, coach.
He's doing well.
Keep him in the lineup."
There are always these numbers
running through my head.
As a kid I fought it,
then eventually
I just embraced it.
It's a part of who I am,
and it's not going to change.
From Zanesville, Ohio,
please welcome
Andrew Body!
- Hey, buddy.
- Andrew: Hey, Kal,
how are you?
- Welcome to the show.
- Thank you.
- How are you, Andrew?
- It's good to be here.
Your challenge, Andrew,
is called
Number Cruncher.
We're gonna give you
some complex equations
which you'll
have to answer
as fast as you can,
and you have
to answer fast
because you're
going head-to-head
with a calculator.
- Oh, wow.
- And that calculator
will be operated
by internationally
renowned neuroscientist
and professor
of brain surgery
with the fastest hands
of the operating room
Dr. Rahul Jandial.
Gentlemen, please both take
your positions back-to-back.
Come on, doc.
Good luck to you.
Andrew,
you'll see the equation
in front of you.
As soon as
you figure out the answer
shout it out.
Dr. Jandial,
we'll see the equation
come up
on the screen
above...
three equations
and the ultimate test
between man
versus machine.
- ( chuckles )
- Are you both ready?
- Yes, sir.
- Let's do it.
Andrew,
your challenge starts...
- now.
- ( bell dings )
Here comes
the first equation.
104.
And stop,
Dr. Jandial,
because you were still typing
when Andrew gave his answer.
Andrew said 104.
Let's see if he's right.
104.
Wanna move to Vegas?
You're getting
job offers
and you're
not even done with
the challenge yet.
Okay.
Here comes
the next equation.
Four.
- Stop, Dr. Jandial.
- Woo.
Andrew, you think
the answer is four.
First-- ah hah.
I didn't--
I thought it was
a division sign there.
Instead of
the addition sign,
I read that as
a division sign.
I got ahead
of myself.
Okay.
What would
it be then?
So I'd be seven, six, plus 19.
It should've been 95.
Penn: Unfortunately,
we can only accept
your first answer of four,
which is incorrect.
Let's see if
you got the correct answer
the second time around.
- 95.
- I wasn't finished,
but all these
parenthesis and plus signs,
that a lot to digest.
But I was just on
the left two numbers
and I'm about
to hit plus,
then 361, square root,
equals...
95.
Wow.
All right, gentlemen,
here comes
your last
mathematical face-off.
Whoa.
12.94117647058823529.
- Okay, stop.
- What?
Okay, Andrew,
you said,
12.941176
and a whole bunch
of other numbers.
Are you right?
Let's take a look.
That's amazing!
Wow!
That's incredible!
- Dr. Jandial: That was awesome.
- That was awesome.
Dude,
congratulations.
Dr. Jandial, you know
more about the brain
than pretty much
anyone on the planet.
What's your reaction
to what you've just seen?
Well, I got to give
the young man a lot
of credit, first of all.
So I think
we should give him
- a round of applause.
- Thank you.
The place where
all of this raw calculation
happens in our brain
is shaped
like a triangle.
And what he's doing
is seeing
with a occipital lobe,
remembering with
the temporal lobe,
and then processing it all
with the parietal lobe.
Harnessing the power
of that link,
that's where he's getting
his superhuman ability.
Wow.
Mike, you're obviously
great with your hands,
you think
you could've done better
- than Dr. Jandial?
- Oh, no way, Jose.
What do you do for a living?
What do you do?
I'm moving out to Vegas.
I'm gonna gamble
with you, Iron Mike.
- Yes, yes.
- Penn: There you go.
Christina, do you believe
what you just saw?
No, that was unbelievable.
It was just
incredible to see
how you
did that so quickly.
I will say I was 14
when "Dip It Low" came out.
I had a huge
crush on you.
- You got me.
- Dip it low.
Dip it, dip it, uh.
Dip it, ah.
You get dip
for that.
Congratulations, Andrew.
At the end of the show,
we'll see if Andrew
makes it to the top three
and maybe wins $50,000
and the title of SuperHuman.
Right now,
let's hear it for
Andrew Body.
- Thanks, buddy.
Congratulations.
- Thank you, thank you.
We'll see you
at the end of the show.
There are 20 pairs
of doctors and nurses.
Your job is to put
the original couples
- back together again.
- That looks hard.
My heart's pounding.
Hey! Welcome back
to "SuperHuman"!
Here's a contestant
who works in a hospital
where she sees thousands
of faces every day.
And do you know what?
She can probably
recall every one.
Here's Amy Rice.
I'm Amy Rice
and my superhuman ability
is I am a
super recognizer.
It's rare
that I forget a face.
When I see someone
I recognize,
I flip through
this sort of mental rolodex
and I'll see someone
at the grocery store and say,
"I know that person."
( flipping sounds )
Ah, yes,
they were at the park
five years ago
when my kid was two.
I'm here
because of my kids.
I think it's
extremely important
to show my children
that I can do something
that's genuinely
out of my comfort zone,
but that I'm willing
to try my best at.
From Boulder, Colorado,
please welcome Amy Rice.
- Hi, Amy.
Welcome to "SuperHuman."
- Thank you.
Amy, your kids are
in the audience today.
- Yes.
- Where are they?
Hi, guys.
Welcome to
"SuperHuman."
Amy, your challenge
is called
Doctor's Orders.
You're about to meet
20 pairs
of doctors and nurses.
As you're introduced
to each pair,
take time to study
all their facial
characteristics.
When you've seen
all 20 pairs,
they'll split
and we'll mix them up.
Your job will be
to recall all those
characteristics
and place
the original pairings
back together.
- Got it?
- Mm-hmm, yes.
Okay. Amy, your challenge
starts...
- now.
- ( bell dings )
Okay,
send them in.
Okay.
Penn: Okay.
Amy, you've seen
all 20 pairs
of doctors and nurses.
Now it's time for them
to split,
and we'll mix them up.
Doctors to the left,
nurses to the right.
My heart's pounding.
Mm.
That looks hard.
Amy, are you ready
to pair up
the doctors
and nurses again?
- I am.
- Okay.
As you pair them up,
bring them front and center.
If it's a match,
you'll hear this sound.
( bell dings )
Your goal
is to successfully pair
all 20 doctors and nurses
back together.
Okay.
Come on.
You.
( ding )
- Wow!
- Woo!
You can come on out.
Oh, here she is.
- ( ding )
- Would you come on out?
- Come on out.
- ( ding )
Come on out.
You.
( ding )
You come on out.
- You.
- ( ding )
- You. You.
- You.
- ( ding )
- She's doing it fast.
- You.
She's moving like
it's no doubt in her mind.
( ding )
- You.
- ( ding )
( ding )
Wow.
I love this.
- You.
- ( ding )
( ding )
She's kicking butt.
- You. You.
- ( ding )
- You.
- SuperHuman.
- Yeah, I think so.
You.
( ding )
- Thank you.
- Two more.
( ding )
I'm not sure about
these ones though.
- ( Kal chuckles )
- ( ding )
Right on!
Congratulations.
- Perfect score.
- Good job.
What a huge
undertaking.
That's incredible.
Dr. Jandial,
does the recognition function
reside in one area
of the brain?
It does.
I love this one.
I think
what she was doing
was she was
covering up the faces.
I think
she was taking
measurements.
Like, the distance
between the eyes
or one eye to the angle
of the mouth,
and that mental toolbox
that she used for this,
she put all
that information
in this endless
photo album in her mind.
That's called
the facial recognition area.
- That was an epic display.
- Thank you.
Penn: Mike, could you
have done
- what Amy just did?
- Mike: Man, listen,
I'm in the house.
I forget my kids
sometimes.
I'm like, "Hey, uh..."
I'm like,
"Hey, who the hell are you?
What're you doing here?"
"Dad, I live here."
I don't know.
All right, will Amy's
matchmaking skills
win her $50,000?
The panelists
will pick our top three
at the end of the show.
One more time
for Amy Rice.
Thank you, Amy.
- Amy: Thank you so much.
- I appreciate it.
Really well done.
- Thank you.
- That was amazing.
Only two are real countries.
The real countries
are 31 and 43.
Are you sure about that?
Penn: Welcome back
to "SuperHuman"!
There are about
195 countries in the world,
and this contestant
has been to just about
all of them.
She's Courtney McCullough.
My name
is Courtney McCullough,
and my superhuman ability
is geography.
I first became interested
in geography and traveling
when I was a child.
I saw a picture
of the Eiffel Tower
and I knew
it was somewhere faraway,
I didn't know where--
that was the door opener
to everything.
I feel like
I am a citizen
of the world.
I'm half Chinese,
I'm half Mexican,
but I don't speak Chinese,
I don't speak Spanish.
I speak Hebrew,
but I'm not Jewish.
And my last name
is McCullough
which is an Irish last name
of my step-father
who wasn't Irish.
I feel like
all these elements
of who I am
make me a well-rounded
cultured individual.
From Los Angeles, California,
please welcome
Courtney McCullough.
Hello.
- Nice to meet you, Courtney.
- Nice meeting you.
- Welcome to "SuperHuman."
- Thank you.
All right,
we've got the perfect
globe-trotting
challenge for you.
It's called
All Over the Map.
Courtney,
up on the screen
behind us,
you're going to see
a number of shapes
that look like countries,
but most of them
are fake.
You'll have
to identify
the countries
that are real.
Of the 195 countries
in the world,
100 of them have either
changed their names
or adjusted their borders
in the last 35 years.
So, not only
do you need to be
an expert
in world geography,
you must also be
completely up-to-date.
- Wow.
- Dr. Jandial,
how detailed
does Courtney's knowledge
need to be
in order to do this?
Well, it's gotta
be phenomenal.
I'll give you
a casual example
about it.
Imagine somebody
gave you a jigsaw puzzle
with 195 pieces
and then
Christina and Mike
came by
and threw 5,000 fake pieces
on top of that table
and then said, "Hey, tell us
which ones are real."
That's how complicated
her challenge is gonna be.
Wow.
All right.
Courtney, would you
please take your position
- in the SuperHuman chair.
- All right, Court.
Okay.
Your challenge starts...
- now.
- ( ding )
For round one,
there are ten shapes.
Only two of them
are real countries.
Okay, the real countries
are number
three and eight.
Penn:
Number three and eight?
Okay, please
bring up the two shapes
that Courtney picked.
First,
let's talk about three.
You think
that this shape
is the outline
of which country?
This is Guyana.
Penn:
Is shape number three
a real country?
And is it Guyana?
- ( ding )
- Guyana, it is.
All right.
Cool.
What country
do you think shape
- number eight is.
- Number eight
is our favorite country
in the world...
- Djibouti.
- Ooh, Djibouti.
Let's see if you're right.
Is number eight Djibouti?
- ( ding )
- Djibouti.
Have you
been to Djibouti?
I have not been
to Djibouti.
- You been to Djibouti?
- I have. I have been
to Djibouti.
And I bought
a T-shirt that said that
I was "all up in Djibouti."
All up in there, dawg.
Dr. Jandial:
Oh!
Penn:
Now we're gonna
move onto round two.
It's gonna get
a little tougher.
This time
you're going to see 25
countries outlines,
23 of them are fake.
Ooh, there's a lot
of good ones here.
See, like number 12
is kinda throwing me off
a little bit.
Uh, it almost looks like
it could be France.
I think I've spotted it.
Oh, this one's a lot of fun.
Yes, okay.
So the real countries
are number nine and 21.
Let's pull up
nine and 21 please.
First let's
talk about nine.
So you think
this shape is actually
the outline
of which country?
Number nine
is the outline of Oman.
All right, let's see
if number nine is Oman.
- ( ding )
- You are correct.
All right.
Let's move onto
number 21.
Number 21...
is Laos.
Let's see if,
uh, 21 is Laos.
- ( ding )
- Laos.
Courtney, here's
your ultimate test.
We are now
going to show you
50 shapes...
but only two of them
- are real countries.
- Okay.
Okay, there are a lot
of shapes here.
Wow.
Let's see.
This is really challenging,
and, uh,
as I go through the list,
and I'm not
really finding a country,
I start
to worry a little.
Like,
surely I passed it
by now.
Uh...
Wow.
Let's see.
The real countries
are number 31...
and 43.
Let's isolate those
two countries please,
31 and 43.
First let's
talk about 31.
Uh, which country
do you think this
is the shape of?
Number 31 is Namibia.
Let's see
if you're correct.
- ( ding )
- It is Namibia.
Oh, my God.
Let's move onto
the right.
Country 43.
This is it.
If you get this right,
you'll be
a perfect six for six.
Number 43 is Uzbekistan.
Is it Uzbekistan?
- ( ding )
- Nice.
Oh, man!
Let's turn you
back around.
That was awesome.
That's amazing.
Well, Thank you.
Thank you.
That is really,
really incredible.
Dr. Jandial, what's
the neurological process
associated with
what Courtney just did?
You know, let's go back
to caveman-- cavewomen days,
before there were any lights
that we have now
and people were living
with campfires,
you had to be really good
at noticing silhouettes.
Member of the tribe,
dangerous animal,
that was our first
instinctive sort of thing
that we needed to get done.
The part of the brain
that does that
is the parietal lobe.
It's up here by the crown,
it's at the top of your head.
It's used anytime
you rotate any image around.
If you memorize the contours
and creases of any image,
that's the part of the brain
that's really activated
and that's where
her genius lays.
Was that enough
for Courtney to win?
The panelists
will choose our top three
and then our audience
will determine who deserves
to walk away with the $50,000
and the title of SuperHuman
at the end of the show.
Right now,
let's hear it for
Courtney McCullough.
- Courtney,
Thank you so much.
- Thank you.
That was awesome.
I love that.
52 cards to memorize.
Recall the exact order...
- Come on.
- Ace of Spade-- ah, no.
I wanna say...
This superhuman contestant
has a phenomenal
world-beating ability
to store information.
Unfortunately, I do not,
and I've forgotten his name.
- ( laughter )
- Oh, yes.
He's Alex Mullen.
Hi, my name is Alex Mullen,
and my superhuman ability
is memorization.
I read a book that introduced me
to the techniques of memory
and just started practicing
and getting better.
And at that point,
it was kind of cool
to be able to, you know,
do these things
that not very many
people can do.
My wife and I,
we are in med school,
so we do have
to study a lot.
So the way I use
the techniques,
I'll turn those things
into images
and that helps me remember
those details better.
So Kathy and I first met
when we were in pre-school.
We're definitely
high school sweethearts.
Shortly thereafter,
I figured she was
the love of my life.
So we got married
last August.
If my wife is at my side,
I'm definitely a happy person.
From Jackson, Mississippi,
please welcome Alex Mullen.
Hey, man.
Welcome to "SuperHuman."
- Thank you.
- How're you doing?
- I'm doing good.
- Your wife Kathy is here.
- Right.
- Yes she is, yeah.
Uh, Kathy, welcome
to "SuperHuman."
All right, Alex,
we've got a superhuman
challenge for you.
It's called
In the Cards.
We're gonna show you
an entire deck
of 52 playing cards
two at a time.
Each pair of cards
will only be onscreen
for a moment.
Your job
is to memorize
the order,
because you'll
have to recall it
in exactly
the same sequence
it was revealed.
- Got it?
- I got it.
Dr. Jandial,
in scientific terms,
what makes
this a particularly
difficult challenge?
Well, it's not
just gonna be numbers,
the cards have symbols,
they have letters,
and he's gonna have to do it
lightning quick,
that's what's
gonna make him special
if he gets it done.
Here we go.
Alex, please
take your position
in the SuperHuman chair.
Now remember,
you'll have to recall
the exact order
as it was revealed.
- You ready to play cards?
- Let's do it.
52 cards to memorize.
Alex,
your challenge starts...
- now.
- ( ding )
Come on.
Okay. I think I--
I think I have it.
Let's--
let's give it a shot.
Penn:
All right, let's get you
turned around.
Alex, please recite
the exact order
of all 52 cards.
All right.
That was--
that was a little fast.
Um, let's get
right into it here.
Jack of Hearts.
( ding )
- Nine of Hearts.
- ( ding )
- King of Hearts.
- Three of Diamonds.
- ( ding )
- Ace of of Clubs.
- Four of Spades.
- ( ding )
- Ace of Hearts.
- Three of Clubs.
- ( ding )
- Five of Clubs.
- Eight of Diamonds.
- ( ding )
- Queen of Diamonds.
- Eight of Spades.
- ( ding )
- Five of Diamonds.
- Ten of Spades
- ( ding )
Okay, um...
I wanna say,
oh, come on...
Okay.
- Queen of Clubs.
- ( ding )
- Ten of Hearts.
- Three of Hearts.
- ( ding )
- Seven of Spades.
- Two of Diamonds.
- ( ding )
- Five of Spades.
Um...
- King of Spades.
- ( ding )
- Jack of Diamonds.
- Four of Clubs.
- ( ding )
- Six of Hearts.
- Queen of Hearts.
- ( ding )
- Six of Clubs.
Uh, King of Diamonds.
( ding )
- Nine of Spades.
- ( ding )
- Eight of Clubs.
- Four of Diamonds.
- ( ding )
- Ten of Diamonds.
- Three of Spades.
- ( ding )
Okay, all right.
Okay, uh...
Let's see.
- King of Clubs.
- ( ding )
- Jack of Spades.
- Nine of Diamonds.
- ( ding )
- Five of Hearts.
- Queen of Spades.
- ( ding )
- Seven of Clubs.
- Seven of Hearts.
- ( ding )
- Two of Hearts.
- Jack of Clubs.
- ( ding )
- Six of Spades.
- Eight of Hearts.
- ( ding )
Ace of Spade--
no, um...
Sorry, Ace of Diamonds.
( ding )
- Two of Clubs.
- ( ding )
- Seven of Diamonds.
- Four of Hearts.
- ( ding )
- Nine of Clubs.
Almost there.
Um...
- A six of Diamonds.
- ( ding )
- Ace of Spades.
- Two of Spades.
- ( ding )
I think
this is the last one.
- Ten of Clubs.
- ( ding )
- You got 'em!
- Yeah!
Penn: Good.
Congratulations.
Wow!
Look at that
standing ovation.
Whoa!
- That's insane.
- Thank you.
I'm-- I want to check
if you're real.
I'm like, "Are you a robot?"
You are superhuman.
- For sure.
- Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Dr. Jandial,
How much brain activity
was going on
in Alex's brain
during that time?
Well, I'm gonna
give it to you technical.
He's in medical school,
so what he was doing
was transferring numerical
and visual information
from his occipital
and frontal lobes
to his hippocampi
and mammillary bodies.
Translation,
he's the heavyweight champion
of the memory world.
Wow.
So, is that
superhuman skill
enough for Alex to win?
Our panel
and our audience
will determine that
after the break.
Right now,
one more time
for Alex Mullen.
Thanks, man.
Tonight,
we've seen five
ordinary people do some
truly spectacular things.
And now it's all gonna
pay off for one of them.
As $50,000
and the title of SuperHuman
is on the line.
First, the panel
is going to pick their
top three contestants.
So, guys,
please talk it over.
While they
makeup their minds,
here's a look back
at the five
amazing people
we've seen tonight.
Turn right,
take one step,
two steps forward
and take a right,
- jump out of the maze.
- Wee!
Here comes
the equation.
104.
It should've been 95.
- 12.941...
- That is correct.
- You.
- Penn: That is correct.
- Amazing.
Perfect score.
Number 31 is Namibia.
43 is Uzbekistan.
Laos.
Oman.
- Guyana.
- Nice!
And...
Ace of Spades.
Two of Spades.
- Ten of Clubs.
- You got 'em!
Okay, panel,
this is it.
Mike,
who is the first contestant
in our top three?
When you combine them
with the three of us...
I decided to pick
Alex Mullen.
Mike, why did
you choose Alex?
Because what he did
was amazing.
And remembering
the cards
and I'm just thinking about
bringing these guys to Vegas
and we can make a killing.
This is really
good stuff.
Now you see me,
now you don't.
Three.
Christina, who's next
in your top three?
So our next pick
was somebody I think
we were all really
excited about.
I think we were excited
about everybody.
But we just
loved his energy
when he jumped in here
with-- yes--
you know who
I'm talking about.
David.
David, you are amazing.
Thank you.
Dr. Jandial,
there is one spot left
in the top three.
Who's taking it?
Everybody should
feel like a winner,
but we can
only pick three.
The last person is...
Courtney McCullough,
geography.
You know,
we talked about it.
This stuff
was really hard.
Dr. Jandial:
Yeah, it was a difficult,
difficult, difficult thing.
They all should be here.
It's just tough.
You know, it's not just
memorizing the countries,
she had to memorize
every corner, every bend,
and every crease
of every country.
We thought
that was very special.
It's a big world.
- Penn: All right.
- Yes.
A big thanks
to Andrew and Amy.
You guys were amazing.
And congratulations
to our top three.
Now, the power passes
to the audience.
They will vote
for our winner.
Audience,
you all have
a voting device.
Which one deserves
to win the $50,000
and the title
of SuperHuman?
Please lock in
your votes now.
The audience has voted.
The results are in.
The winner
of the $50,000
and the title
of SuperHuman is...
Alex Mullen!
Thanks to all our
super contestants.
Big thanks to Mike Tyson,
Christina Milian,
and Dr. Rahul Jandial
and our audience
and to you for being you.
We're back next week with more
unbelievable super humans.
I'm Kal Penn.
Goodnight, everyone.